doc: multi-image: add build file table (#7846)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_programming.rst

| File                            | File format                                                                         | Programming scenario                                                  |
+=================================+=====================================================================================+=======================================================================+
| :file:`zephyr.hex`              | Default full image.                                                                 | Programming non-secure domain (``_ns``) or single-core build targets. |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`merged_domain.hex`       | Default full image for multiple cores.                                              | Programming secure domain (``_s``) and multi-core build targets.      |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`merged.hex`              | A metadata file used to create the hexidecimal file.                                | Programming multi-core application.                                   |

Author: What do you mean with "merging all zephyr.hex"?

> | :file:`merged.hex`              | A metadata file used to create the hexidecimal file.                                | Programming multi-core application.                                   |

Reviewer: Each image in a multi image build will have a `zephyr.hex` associated with it. We merge (that is, combine them into a single file) all of these into `merged.hex`

| :file:`dfu_application.zip`     | MCUboot compatible update image for both cores.                                     | Using nRF Programmer for Android and iOS, or nRF Connect Programmer.  |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. output_build_files_table_end

.. _gs_programming_output_artifacts:

Build artifacts
===============

The following table lists build file artifacts that can be generated when building firmware, but are only used to create the final output build files listed in the table above.

+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| File                            | File format                                                                                              |
+=================================+==========================================================================================================+

> | :file:`zephyr.elf`              | A metadata file used to create the :file:`zephyr.hex` file.                                              |

Reviewer: Do we really want to explain what an elf file is? It is a standard concept, and we should simply state that it is the elf file for the image being built.

+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`app_update.bin`          | Application core update file used to create :file:`dfu_application.zip`.                                 |

Reviewer: We should also state that this is the file that would be transferred in an actual update procedure, as opposed to the hex files we use when we use nrfjprog to emulate an update procedure.

      The ``west flash`` command automatically resets the kit and starts the application.

For more information on building and programming using the command line, see the Zephyr documentation on :ref:`zephyr:west-build-flash-debug`.

.. _gs_programming_output:

Output build files
******************

The building process produces each time an *image file*.

.. output_build_files_info_start

The image file, also referred to as *executable*, *program*, or *elf file*, consists of pieces of code and data that are identified by image-unique names recorded in a single symbol table.

> The symbol table exists as metadata in a :file:`.elf` or :file:`.exe` file and is not included when the image is converted to a hexidecimal file for programming.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The symbol table exists as metadata in a :file:`.elf` or :file:`.exe` file and is not included when the image is converted to a hexadecimal file for programming.
```

Reviewer 2: Or `:file:'.hex'`

Instead, a linker places the code and data at their addresses.

> Only images require this linking process.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what these two lines try to convey. Can anyone help? Unless I misunderstand something this seems to be pretty technical information that is either known for users or it cannot be explained in two sentences, so probably can be removed.

Author: I wasn't sure if we need this when I was moving these lines from below. Looks like an introduction to why we can have multi-image builds.

Reviewer 2: Looks like the original author (Torsten) is absent, so we can leave it as it is, but reading this for the first time I find it rather confusing and not crucial to grasp the idea of multi-image builds.

Reviewer 3: @Damian-Nordic i'm not the author of this. I'm the the committer (because I merged the PR), the authors are:
@kyberdin and @FrancescoSer 
Ref: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/commit/2f76e95ad435161135111e16b00f2d0eb04338b3

Reviewer 4: Agreed with @Damian-Nordic, this is unnecessary information for the user and probably just leads to more confusion. The original docs were worded poorly to begin with and this doesn't convey the actual informative intent, but users that care about that level of detail probably already know it anyway.

This line and Line 137 are probably just better off removed to keep the info here simpler and more cohesive.

+=================================+=================================================================================================+==========================================================================+
| :file:`zephyr.hex`              | Default full image.                                                                             | * Programming non-secure domain (``_ns``) or single-core build targets.  |
|                                 | In a multi-image build, several :file:`zephyr.hex` are generated, one for each image.           | * Testing DFU procedure with nrfjprog.                                   |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`merged.hex`              | The result of merging all :file:`zephyr.hex` files for all images for a core                    | * Programming multi-core application.                                    |

> |                                 | in a multi-image build. Not used by Nordic Semiconductor's build targets.                       | * Testing DFU procedure with nrfjprog.                                   |

Reviewer 2: Not used by Nordic Semiconductor's build targets? Did you mean "Not used by single core build targets"?

Author: From what I understood, it's not used at all, but rather used to create merged.hex... Is that incorrect?

Reviewer 2: But it is a description of `merged.hex`. I can tell that if you build a multi-image application for nRF52840 it is used when you run `west flash`.

Author: I meant, merged_domain.hex, sorry...

Author: Should be clear now, @Damian-Nordic , after some clarifications from Haakon...

| :file:`dfu_application.zip`     | Zip file containing both the MCUboot-compatible update image for one or more cores              | DFU process for both single-core and multi-core applications.            |
|                                 | and a manifest describing its contents.                                                         |                                                                          |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`matter.ota`              | :ref:`ug_matter`-specific OTA image that contains a Matter-compliant header                     | DFU over Matter for both single-core and multi-core applications.        |
|                                 | and a DFU multi-image package that bundles user-selected firmware images.                       |                                                                          |

> +---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Author: Add for Zigbee after talking to @sebastiandraus :

:file:`<file_name>.zigbee` | :ref:`ug_zigbee`-specific OTA image that contains the Zigbee application with the Zigbee OTA header used for providing information about the image to the OTA server. The *<file_name>* includes manufacturer's code, image type, file version, optional comment, and the sample name. For example, :file:`127F-0141-01020003-light_switch.zigbee`. | DFU over Zigbee for both single-core and multi-core applications in the |NCS| v2.0.0 and later.

      The ``west flash`` command automatically resets the kit and starts the application.

For more information on building and programming using the command line, see the Zephyr documentation on :ref:`zephyr:west-build-flash-debug`.

.. _gs_programming_output:

Output build files
******************

The building process produces each time an *image file*.

.. output_build_files_info_start

The image file, also referred to as *executable*, *program*, or *elf file*, consists of pieces of code and data that are identified by image-unique names recorded in a single symbol table.

> The symbol table exists as metadata in a :file:`.elf` or :file:`.exe` file and is not included when the image is converted to a HEX file for programming.
> Instead, a linker places the code and data at their addresses.

Reviewer 3: Instead of what ? and when does it do it ?
How about rewriting the the lines into something like this:
```suggestion
As one of the last build steps, the linker will process all object files by locating code, data and symbols in sections in the final ELF file.
The linker replaces all symbol references to code and data with addresses.
A symbol table is created which maps addresses to symbol names, which is used by debuggers.

When an ELF file is converted into another format, such as HEX or binary, the symbol table is lost.
```
I left out some details in the above (the real world is a little more complex), but tried be accurate in as few words as possible.

Depending on the application and the SoC, you can use one or several images.

> To determine if you have zero, one, or more images, count the number of times the linker runs.

Reviewer 3: > count the number of times the linker runs.

How can I judge the number of images by the number of linker runs ?
Zephyr build system may create intermediate binaries, which means that when creating a final build, the linker may run 1, 2, or 3 times just for a single image.

Reviewer 3: https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/cmake/index.html

|                                 | For example: :file:`127F-0141-01020003-light_switch.zigbee`.                                    |                                                                          |
+---------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. output_build_files_table_end

.. _gs_programming_output_other_files:

Other output build files
========================

The following table lists secondary build files that can be generated when building firmware, but are only used to create the final output build files listed in the table above.

+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| File                            | File format                                                                                              |
+=================================+==========================================================================================================+

> | :file:`zephyr.elf`              | A metadata file for the image that is being built. Can be used for debugging purposes.                   |

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't call an ELF file a meta data file.

It's the most complete file generated by the system, and only because our flash tools doesn't support flashing of ELF files directly it must be converted. (Plus the fact that we might manipulate / merge hex files, but that's a different story)
Some tools actually supports flashing of ELF files.
